# QuoteLink - Opera extension

The QuoteLink Opera extension creates links for the quotes in html file. Quotes are described by <code>blockquote</code> and <code>q</code> elements. When these elements carry, a cite attribute containing the URI of the source of the quoted text, the QuoteLink extension display it with a ⓘ.

Author: Karl Dubost, Opera Software

Date: 04 January 2011
Contributor: Daniel Davis, Opera Software

## How To Package and Install The Extension

Create a zip file without directory for the root and rename the file .oex. You could use a command such as:

    zip -r ../QuoteLink.oex ./ -x '*.git/*' -x '*.DS_Store'

Once downloaded, you can drag and drop the file on the browser window. The extension is installed and active.

## How to uninstall the extension

If you want to deinstall the extension, go to the menu Tools, then Extension, then Extension Manager. Click on Deinstall or Deactivate.

## Pre-packaged-extension

You can  [download](https://github.com/karlcow/QuoteLink/downloads) a prepackaged version of QuoteLink.

### Changelog

See https://github.com/karlcow/QuoteLink/commits/master

### Version 0.7 - 2011-01-05
* remove dashes from isbn number before sending it to OpenLibrary
* remove the unused style/ folder
* Adding LICENSE.txt
* Adding README.mdown

### Version 0.6 - 2011-01-05
* fixes from Daniel Davis, code performance
* changed getAttribute('cite') by cite directly
* adding a bit of style
* Adding Apache 2.0 License

### Version 0.5 - 2011-01-04
* First version of the code
